Updated Charter based on comments in the doc (#31)
18F/delivery-assurance: docs/charter.md

  where we will collect all related documents
- All work should be submitted as an issue, either in the Delivery Assurance 
  Github repo or in one of the associated repos
- Prior to the next 2-week sprint, 18F Leadership members and the Team Lead will get

>   together to write out [goals](url), project team make-up, and refine the backlog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  together to write out [goals](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1u71mGgZmnL9w3w6ylO_n_tKT7RHJ716QmGkgY7BJC2k/edit#heading=h.km5kn21wqypa), project team make-up, and refine the backlog
```

Author: Actually I'm looking to point it to a goals.md file in a separate PR the google doc is a drafting space.

Reviewer: oh okay! i'll resolve this comment!
